### 1.1 - `groupId`
###### required: `yes`
_If you are planning to deploy your plugins to a public
repository (excluding JitPack), it is vital (and generally
required) that this tag match best practices. I will describe
best practices as well as acceptable values and why it may
be easier to follow best practice in any case._

#### Best Practice
The `<groupId>` tag is usually the all-lowercase,
reverse-domain-name notation of the organization maintaining
the project, followed optionally by one or more additional
levels for a department, a team or for better organizing a
large project within an organization's namespace.

We can see this very easily with `spigot-api`: md5 uses the
groupId `org.spigotmc` because that domain is used for
Spigot's website.

###### :sadpepe: but what if no have bougie domain?
There exists a similar format for projects managed with
public version control platforms like GitHub, GitLab or
Bitbucket: `tld.website.username`

Here are examples for GitHub projects deploying on OSSRH:
* `com.github.myusername` (used by older projects)
* `io.github.myusername` (for new projects)

_source: https://central.sonatype.org/publish/requirements/coordinates/_

Following this general format (and especially the ones cited
from OSSRH) will increase the chance you'll be approved for
a registered namespace on Maven Central. This allows you
to release public artifacts at any groupId starting with your
namespace.

#### Bare Minimum
You must provide a mostly unique group ID consisting only of
letters, numbers (though not at the start) and underscores.
It should not conflict with existing group IDs.